Allow omission of yarn.lock and .pnp.cjs from BUILD.bazel files (#65)
uber-web/jazelle: README.md

---

## Lockfile delegation

By default you must declare `//:yarn.lock` and `//:.pnp.cjs` as explicit `deps` in any target that needs to consume Javascript packages if you want fully hermetic lockfiles.

> However, Jazelle does work even if they are not specified. Jazelle supports the ability of inferring the location of yarn.lock (and .pnp.cjs) without those files being present in the Bazel graph. This allows a repo to implement a custom yarn plugin that outputs files describing the version locking requirements per project (as opposed to having all of that information tied to a single top-level file). See [yarn-plugin-workspace-deps](https://github.com/ganemone/yarn-plugin-workspace-deps/blob/main/workspace-deps/sources/index.ts) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Jazelle does work even if they are not specified. Jazelle supports the ability of inferring the location of yarn.lock (and .pnp.cjs) without those files being present in the Bazel graph. This allows a repo to implement a custom yarn plugin that outputs files describing the version locking requirements per project (as opposed to having all of that information tied to a single top-level file). See [yarn-plugin-workspace-deps](https://github.com/uber-workflow/yarn-plugin-workspace-deps/blob/main/workspace-deps/sources/index.ts) for an example.
```
